alright so here we have it the green and
white thing at the bottom of the screen
is an SDK 500 AVR microcontroller
programmer board the wire leading to the
breadboard in the middle contains the
atmega8 AVR 8-bit microcontroller until
your right you'll see a small servo it's
a high-torque model the top left of your
screen you're going to see a computer
power supplies used for a lab supply
attesa for this purpose and I move the
laptop here you can kind of see at the
end of the servo here we have a that's
part of a hanger attached to it as a
piece of string just a little cat toy on
the end so let's see what happens
so there we have a star of the show his
name black kitty and he's a pretty young
cat I don't know maybe eight months old
or something um he actually showed up at
my parents doorstep and him and his
brother were just kittens and pretty
beaten up and my parents brought him in
and they were our cats for a while and
the the gray one I think got eaten by
coyotes probably black kitty I know the
names pretty lame but the he he was
actually shot by a BB gun not too long
ago maybe six weeks or something and the
veterinarian expects him to make a full
recovery but he's still a little slow so
I don't know this thing might be a
little too fast for him but he seems
kind of like it I guess all right thanks
you